databases:
	addy_pizza:
		holds tiki website tables only
		yesman adds data from molly_pizza to these tables to fill the wiki with scraped data
	molly_pizza:
		holds scraped data tables:
			<scraper name>_<table name (usually a desriptive single word)>
			these tables are made by the scraper and only the scraper edits them
			once the tables are full with a "complete data set" they are copied to the complete tables (below)
			and the scraper truncates these tables and starts again on a new data set
		holds complete scraped data tables:
			yesman_<scraper name>_<table name (as above)>
			these tables are made by the scraper after a data set is complete
			then the scraper calls yesman to digest these tables into the unified tables (below)
		holds clean/unified tables:
			these tables are made by yesman
			these tables are named by what real-world-object describes their core.
			then the tables are named by what real-world-property they describe about their core/object
			Example:
				people = this is a core table describing just the fundamental details about a person such as eye color, birthday, legal name, etc.
				people_aliases = this is linked to the people table and describes just the alias identities known to be used by the person described in the people table via its id link.
				images = this is a core table describing just the fundamental details about an image, holding the image itself and the date of the photo, etc.
				locations = this is another core table
			there are link type tables that link core tables that are named via their core R.W.O. that is most significant and/or most searched
			thenthey are named by the other core R.W.O. they link too
			Example:
				if a person posts a photo of themselves and two other people at a location
				then all three people are linked to the photo in the table people_images
				then the image is linked to the location in location_images
				then all three people are linked to the location in people_locations
			
The math:
	The unified tables allow the searcher to start a search of a person and is GAURENTEED to find all linked data at or before the second degree of joining tables.
	Infact in most cases, if not all, all linked data is found within the first degree.
	This holds true given any entry point into the unified tables
	the extra data of the linked id feilds is insignificant when compared to the resources saved in querys.
	This system enables all conclusions to be made from the data without multiple entries of the same data, such as names repeated in criminal records.
	This system is tollerant of duplicate records due to the linking of records to be an inexact science while the retainment of data is highest priority.
	Example:
		if 3 prisons have the same person in their data, the unified tables will willingly and knowingly retain all three entries of the people data
		yesman will link them in the table people_people but will not delete them.
		The reason is due to the case of yesman making an incorrect match that is later discovered by a user.
		The user can then report the false positive match and the match will be undone.
		The entire process does not lose R.W. Data

			
		